Hi, Ah, Akama.
Emetior birthday chocolate man feel sad about.
You can't sit down.
Enjoy your life.
Well yes.
I'll suffer but I am in trouble.
I'm sorry.
I'll tell you you can have it.
When I accomplished Ichi to enter within ice-pack,
Beige said in rice,
Check other side,
who put thiss weird poison...
Tosuke you, go and feed those humans,
yeah
Now, hello
And yes,
Brittany have arrived
This trip,
you,
have the first experience of hide
This is not a U Lazarist's image
If you did that, he'll have died many times.
Please take care of him.
No need for that.
You know what people say my father is useless to me.
But I'm doesn't want to do this anymore.
Well, in whose case would I sit and talk without worrying about only me?
Who died?
My son and I.
Why did you have to live in the city?
You were a doctor.
I know you are a fool.
You were a fool.
What?
Why did you have to live in the city?
The temple is in a bad shape.
Why?
Why did you have to live in the city?
You are a fool.
Don't say that.
I'll be late.
Come here.
I don't want to be late.
You are a young man.
I thought you were dead.
I went to the temple to repent.
I was wrong.
You are a fool.
Why did you have to live in the city?
The End